She is the epitome of classic beauty. With her fifties inspired outfits, electric blue hair, red lips and stiletto nails, local community member, Adel Strydom aka Miss Opal Lamarr, radiates elegance, femininity and style in everything she does. As a proudly South African pin-up gal and ambassador of the Rockabilly lifestyle and culture, this retro loving lass is taking the world by storm. Amidst her busy schedule, Miss Opal Lamarr sat down to chat about the lifestyle of a pin-up gal.TWG: You are a modern pin-up model. For those who are not familiar with the scene, can you explain in a nutshell what this and the lifestyle is all about?OL: Do you remember the hit movies Cry Baby and Grease? The ladies in their beautiful swing dresses, petticoats and perfectly done hair and makeup while the guys are dressed to impress with their slicked back hair and leather jackets!? That alone, to me embodies the pop culture of the 50&#8217;s.Throw a bit of rock and roll music in and you have a whole community thriving on good tunes, great style and old school values.Modern Pin &#8211; up essentially ties in with the Rockabilly lifestyle which is a community of people that in modern times can enjoy the fashion, cars and music from yesteryear. Modern Pin up models advocate body positivity and the empowerment of our fellow ladies! We come in all shapes and sizes and some are even adorned in tattoos and have colourful hair.TWG: How did you get into this movement? What drew you to it?OL: I first took notice of pin-up and rockabilly opening my first tattoo magazine. I saw these beautiful, alternative women of all shapes, sizes and race, adorned in the most beautiful tattoos yet dressed and styled as if they stepped straight out of the 40&#8217;s and 50&#8217;s. Working within the tattoo industry really opened up so many avenues for me. I was then fortunate enough to soon after, start meeting people that not only shared my interest but have been living the lifestyle and are happier for it.TWG: So what does being a pin-up girl entail?OL: Being a modern pin-up girl should always be about having confidence, being trueand believing in yourself yet still being supportive and empowering to the women around you. It is not always pageantry and photo shoots! To me the photo shoots are a bonus experience where you get to meet new people and make new friends. The pageants are a lot of fun and definitely a good thing to consider if you want to challenge yourself, however it is not compulsory and a lot of the women I know that are active in the pin-up community do not enter pageants but they still support the ladies that do.TWG: What have been some of your personal greatest achievements?OL: I am a qualified pre-school teacher and taught for a total of 5 years during which time I discovered pin-up. I have also done a course in make-up artistry which has definitely helped me on my current ventures. Fast forward 2 years and I then entered SA&#8217;S first ever pin-up Pageant, Miss Bombshell Bettie and I made it to the top 10 finalists!This alone opened so many wonderful doors for me! I am also proud to be a part of a thriving, well established tatttoo shop and having the responsibility of managing the shop is definitely high on my personal achievements list.TWG: So who is Miss Opal Lamarr?OL: Miss Opal Lamarr is the mermaid pin-up from the sunny South Coast of KZN. I am the shop manager at Electric Lounge Tattoo Parlour that is conveniently situated opposite St. Michaels&#8217; beach. The perfect location for this mermaid. Miss Opal Lamarr is not just a fun pin-up persona but essentially she is in every aspect me! I&#8217;m a joke-cracking, kind hearted gal with a strong drive to create, educate and being a voice for the voice-less.I model for the pure fun of it and enjoy getting to work with different photographers and tackling new and exciting projects. I am a big crafter and enjoy making pin-up and vintage inspired accessories for my friends and myself. I love travelling and getting to spend some time being present in nature! I grew up on the South Coast and felt it fitting to tie this into my pin-up name and most importantly my tattoos.TWG: Who is your fashion icon?OL: My biggest international fashion icon is mid-century blogger for the modern pin-up, Ella Webster or better known in the pin-up community as Miss Victory Violet. She&#8217;s a definite inspiration for hair and makeup and an all around body positive ambassador! I also draw inspiration from my pin-up sisters scattered all over South Africa.TWG: What is your favorite outfit?OL: Can a women ever have just one favourite outfit? My first favourite outfit would be a full 50&#8217;s swing dress, fluffy petticoat for extra volume and accessorised with a cute novelty brooch, bangles, pearl earrings and ballet flats. My close second is a leopard print tank top with skinny, high waisted jeans and wedges finished off with some killer cat eye sunnies!!TWG: What can&#8217;t you live without?OL: I won&#8217;t be able to live without my liquid eye liner! There is just something about drawing two perfectly flicked black lines on your eyelids to make you feel like you can conquer anything.TWG: What is your favourite film?OL: My favourite film(s) will always and forever be Gladiator and The Note Book.TWG: And your favourite song/band?OL: My favourite soul bands are Clutch and The Sword and my favourite albums of theirs are Basket of Eggs and Low Country. When you are a Libra you can&#8217;t just have one favourite. It is virtually impossible (laughs).