Complaints to the SABC about axing of popular shows go unheardBy Staff WriterViewers of international daytime soapies are up in arms after their favourite programmes have been canned by the public broadcaster. However, the most distraught are from people living in old age homes who look forward to their daily dose of soapies such as Days of Our Lives , among others.The canning of many of the international programmes by the SABC follows the broadcaster s new policy of having 90 percent local content on both radio and TV, very much to the ire of listeners and viewers alike. Pensioners, living in old age homes have complained bitterly about no longer having to watch these programmes, saying that this was unfair on the part of the SABC, and that they could not afford DStv.Said one pensioner: We are desperate to get our message across about how our favourite soapie has been axed from SABC 3 and we know how many old people as well as people across the country who are extremely sad. The SABC seems unfazed by the complaints, saying in its official response that the Days of Our Lives series has come to the end of its season in South Africa, and that they did receive some calls from viewers.The SABC said in its statement: We did receive some calls from some viewers regarding the end of Days of our Lives. We did and continue to explain to the viewers that the SABC TV Network (SABC3 included) went through some major changes from 4 July 2016 with notably more local content coming into the channel. That inevitably implied that some international programmes would be affected. This was a case with Days of Our Lives. It must also be noted that Days of Our Lives had come to the end of its season in SA at the time of its ending. We are however happy to announce that our audiences can look forward to a brand new local talk show, Real Talk with the incredible Anele Mdoda from 21st July at 16h00. We hope the viewers will tune into this thought-provoking show and find it as entertaining and engaging to watch. 