Extravaganza showcases the best of the EastWhen it comes to spectacular fashion, vibrant entertainment, traditional hair and beauty treatments as well as every essential for Indian weddings, there is no better source than eastern origins, the Sunday Times Eastern Bridal Fair 2016 promises to offer just that. The extravaganza, one of the largest and most exclusive wedding and lifestyle exhibitions, is set to provide Durban with an authentic Indian experience when it returns to the city next month. The exhibition, successively in its 17th year will be held from 5 to 7 August 2016 at the Durban Exhibition Centre and boasts the latest fashion and wedding trends from eastern shores. The trade fair is unique in that it not only showcases the very best and widest selection available to couples for all aspects of their wedding planning but also showcases a variety of lifestyle essentials making it a treat for all, says event convenor, Sudhir Pragjee. Visitors will have plenty to relish with an array of local and international exhibitors including fashion stalls, beauticians, jewellers, hairstylists, travel agents and luggage suppliers along with wedding co-ordinators, photography and video services, mendhi designers, caterers, florists, sound and lighting suppliers, decorators and printers.In addition to the exciting selection of exhibitors and food stalls, the fair s vibrant fashion and dance extravaganza showcasing leading designers has garnered significant popularity.This year, the highly anticipated fashion and entertainment showcase will stage a kaleidoscope of performances by choreographer. This would set the tone to light up the catwalk showcasing exclusive new collections in bridal couture and contemporary pieces by renowned fashion designers. The fair is a fantastic platform particularly for local exhibitors and designers as they have an opportunity to showcase their offering to the local public, which can contribute to growing their reputations and potentially boost their revenue, says Pragjee. The average attendance to the bridal fair each year has been about 10 000 patrons and this is positive indication of its popularity. This event is family oriented and aims to ensure that visitors leave with more than their purchases but a true Eastern experience, says Pragjee.Reserved tickets are available at Computicket. Exhibition times are as follows: Friday: 5-10pm, Saturday and Sunday: 10am &#8211; 10pm.