As one of the most sought after actors in the country, Tim Plewman has a diverse and distinguished career as actor, dancer, humorist, director, writer and producer. His legendary show, Defending the Caveman, crossed the divides of race, gender, age, culture and religion to become a South African icon.Now he dons the Caveman s skins once again and steps onto stage to add to his record breaking slew of sold out performances of the longest-running and most successful solo comedy in South African theatre history. Plewman chatted to the South Coast News about his flourishing career.SCN: What is the best thing about performing in front of an audience?TP: Never been asked this question before. What is the best thing about performing in front of an audience the cheeky answer is that it s a lot better than performing to no audience, but in reality there is a bond between actor and audience, an energy and connection that flows between the performer and those watching that somehow transforms a show into a shared experience that for a brief time can suspend disbelief and transport an audience to a new experience. It can only happen in live performance. It s a magical thing.SCN: Tell us about your first time on stage, how did it go?TP: I honestly don t remember too much about my first time on stage. I do remember being overwhelmed by how confident and self-assured the rest of the cast seemed as I stood in the wings waiting to go on. I remember asking myself why the hell was I doing this and what the hell was my first line???? Then I walked on stage, spoke my first line and heard the audience laugh and knew I d never get enough of that.SCN: I must also ask, what is your most embarrassing moment on stage?TP: I ve had a few, but perhaps the most embarrassing, and humiliating moment came early on in my career when I was the leading man in a farce I wrote called &#8216;Grin and Bare It&#8217;.It was my first leading role, I was determined to do well and just a little full of myself. It was a very busy play with 6 doors and a lot of rushing about. One evening during the show I was chatting to a fellow thespian backstage and missed my cue. The actors on stage didn t miss a beat. They simply said my lines for me and carried on so much for the leading man.SCN: What is the hardest role you have ever tackled?TP: I played Hitler in a play called &#8216;The Last Moustache&#8217; that was hard.SCN: Speaking or roles, you re currently playing the role of a caveman? Tell us about it.TP: I m not playing a caveman, I m defending the Caveman that still seems to be part of every man s makeup. The play is described as the greatest date comedy of all time and is an affectionate look at the differences between men and women. From the days of hunter/gatherer we have looked at the world differently, and today, whether it be shopping or leaving underpants on the floor, men and women still find themselves looking at their mate and wondering, &#8216;what the hell are you thinking?&#8217;SCN: Outside of you performing, what are your hobbies?TP: I m a gym fanatic, it s a hobby and a passion.Recently I wrote the book, Fitness for Old Farts and turned a hobby into a best-selling exercise book for okes over the age of fifty.SCN: Is acting a career path that you would recommend to up and coming performers?TP: The thing about being an actor is that it s a passion not a career, so unless you are lucky enough to walk on to a stage and feel that connection with the audience and know you ll never get enough of that, choose a career that will make you money.