Multi-award winning maskandi artists have embarked on a nationwide campaign to educate and tackle the crimes committed against people with albinism. The Maz Herbal Jikeleza Maskandi campaign, an initiative of Durban herbalist Dr Musa Zulu, began in the notorious uMkhanyakude district, northern KwaZulu-Natal, where people with albinism have been killed and stripped of their body parts for muti.The campaign was recently held at Mthashana TVT College in Nongoma, and takes place next on 10 October at the Makhebeleni Community Hall in Kranskop in the midland of KwaZulu-Natal.Myths about people with albinism are believed to be behind muti killings in various areas across the country, especially in KwaZulu-Natal. The campaign involves maskandi female artists including Buselaphi, Boneni, Vumile Mngoma, and Glama KaMaskandi.Zulu approached these artists to add weight to the plight following the brutal murder of Thandazile Mpunzi, 20, an albino woman whose dismembered body was found in Manguzi last year. This one was unique because the corpse of Mpunzi was found, Buselaphi said.She explained that they want to tackle the myth that people with albinism never die, but disappear. The discovery of Mpunzi s body, however, was proof that some people with albinism were, in fact, killed and some people believed that possessing some body parts of albinos would make them rich, Buselaphi said.Said Zulu: We are going to educate people to refrain from killing or selling children with albinism for muti. If you are a traditional healer using body parts of people with albinism that means you are criminal and those must be brought to book. He claimed things such as the muti killings were turning culture into a joke.KZN-based community radio, Izwi Lomzansi 98.0 FM s, Andile MC Pholobas Ngcobo, who is living with albinism, concures with Zulu. We need the herbalists who will take initiative like Zulu by distancing themselves from this mythology. Our sisters are being raped because other people believe the albinos can heal Aids. Even male albinos are being wooed by the HIV positive women because they believe if they sleep with us without a command, their HIV status will changed. Mpunzi s murder had rocked the community, as it was not the first time that a person had been killed for muti in the area. In 2014, an albino man was found in pieces and the suspects have never been caught.Maxwell Thabethe, the chairman of Albinism Society of South Africa in KwaZulu-Natal, welcomed the initiative, saying it would assist in preventing the killing of people with albinism for muti purposes.In a separate incident, a teenager who had his albino girlfriend murdered so that he and his friends could mix her body parts with muti in a bid to get rich was convicted and sentenced to 18 years in prison at Mtubatuba Regional Court in February.10 Albinism Myths Busted1.Myth: They are results of inbreeding or incest, that is, breed from closely related people, especially over many generations.Fact: The body of people living with Albinism has little or no ability to produce the colour of the skin, hair and eyes. This colour is called melanin . It is a genetic condition, which means it can be passed from parents to their children, but no studies have shown that this is a result of incest.2.Myth: Albinism is a punishment or a curse from the gods or ancestral spirits due to wrongs done in the family.Fact: Albinism is a genetic condition that is passed on from parents to children. Many people are carriers of this recessive gene. Albinism is not a curse.3.Myth: Body parts of persons living with albinism make potent charms that can make people rich and successful.Fact: This is not true. It is a myth spread by witchdoctors in order to enrich themselves at the expense of others.4.Myth: Drinking the blood of a person with albinism gives extra magical powersFact: This is not true. Persons with albinism are human beings like anyone else and do not possess any magical powers.5.Myth: People with albinism are sterile.Fact: This is not true. Persons with albinism are fertile and can have children like other people.6.Myth: A person with albinism cannot have regularly pigmented children.Fact: A person with albinism can give birth to regularly pigmented children if his/her partner is not a carrier of a similar recessive gene for albinism. The children may be carriers of the recessive gene but it will not be expressed in them.7.Myth: People with albinism are not intelligent.Fact: This is not true. Persons with albinism are intelligent and also perform well academically like other normally pigmented people. There are teachers, lawyers, politicians and musicians who are living with albinism.8.Myth: People with albinism cannot see during the day but see well at night.Fact: People with albinism have eyesight problems due to lack of melanin pigmentation in the retina. They can see during the day and also at night, but they may either be short or long sighted and may need sight aids.9.Myth: That the mother slept with a white man.Fact: Children born with albinism may look white due to absent or reduced pigmentation but are not products of cross race sexual relationships.10. Myth: That people with albinism don t die, they simply vanish.Fact: All people with albinism die like other normally pigmented people. There s no such thing as vanishing.(From Albinism.org.za)