Islamic Relief South Africa calls on all members of the public to join them in their inaugural Peace Walk which is taking place on Sunday, 2 October 2016. The event is taking place in Durban and will be commencing at 09:00 am from the Country Club Lawn at Sunkist beach. The Peace walk is aimed at uniting communities and creating awareness for the global struggle for peace.The event will be supported by various community groups including esteemed political leaders, religious leaders and members of the public. Islamic Relief hopes to attract and unite people from different faiths for a worthy cause.The peace walk is a fun and interactive way for members of the public to engage and combat serious issues. Whether you are a seasoned walker or just a beginner, this event caters for all ages and people from all walks of life. The 5-10 kilometer peace walk is a demonstration of unity and an easy a way to lose a kilo or 2.Islamic Relief is asking each person to donate R20 which will go towards the Countries In Conflict (CIC) appeal. The project benefits people in war-torn countries across the globe including Syria, Yemen and Gaza. The CIC appeal has been running for the past year and thus far Islamic Relief has managed to provide much needed food aid and medical care for displaced families living in these countries.This unique peace walk event encourages all communities to come together to celebrate each other in a way that has never been done before. It will demonstrate the instant effect that interaction can have on relationship and nation building. There will also be fun activities for all ages, which will make for a fun outing for the whole family. Participants will also be spoilt for choice with different kinds of delectable refreshments being catered and sold after the walk.So come and join the IR team on 2 October and show your support. Put on your walking shoes and bring your family, friends, neighbours and pets along.For more information on the peace walk contact Shiraz Ismail from the Islamic Relief Durban office on 031 208 2838.