Durban recently hosted the second edition of ICON by the Sea, a gaming and comic exhibition, proving that there is an emerging community dedicated to all things geeky. A big drawcard to the event was it&#8217;s cosplay, and one of the stand out participants was JinxKittie (Kelsey Atkins), who is a local cosplay model. We chatted to this beauty dressing up and gaming.TWG: You are pretty well known in Durban for your Cosplay. This is an emerging community in Durban but, for those who do not know about the whole scene, can you explain Cosplay?JinxKittie: Of course! Cosplay is an increasingly popular art form in which people create and wear costumes based on their favourite characters from comics, TV Series, video games, the works! We then attend events and conventions dressed up in character, take photos, and all-round just have fun together.TWG: You have been Cosplaying for about a year now. How did it all begin for you?JinxKittie: I ve always loved the intricate costumes that characters wear in games and TV shows! One day I decided I wanted to make a costume like the ones I saw on TV, and when I searched online for pictures of said costume, SO many pictures of people in cosplay popped up. I was intrigued that this was a legitimate art form! I then made my first cosplay, and I ve been hooked ever since.TWG: What was your first Cosplay?JinxKittie: My first cosplay was Daenerys blue Qartheen gown from Game of Thrones.TWG: How has your style evolved since then?JinxKittie: Since my first cosplay, my projects have only become more intense and detailed. I love challenging myself and I m a sucker for details! I ve been working on more costumes that involve armour, leather work and awesome prop weapons.TWG: What do you love about Cosplay and also about the whole scene in general? How has it developed in Durban?JinxKittie: I love that cosplay gives you the freedom to embody a character you love while expressing yourself through art! Everyone I ve met through this hobby has been really kind, accepting and supportive. Everyone is willing to help each other out and support new ideas. In Durban our cosplay scene is quite small, however I m seeing it grow and develop, and I m super excited to be a part of that.TWG: What has been the most fun Cosplay to date?JinxKittie: My most fun cosplay to date is most definitely Harley Quinn! I wore her to Icon By The Sea this year and it was really fun to just run around and be crazy in character!TWG: You are absolutely stunning. Have you ever delved into the world of modelling? Or is that not really your vibe?JinxKittie: Thank you! To be honest, I did apply to modelling studios when I was younger; however I was continuously turned down because I am too short! Through cosplay though, everyone is so accepting, and I ve been able to achieve my modelling goals as well as my artistic hobby! I am happy it worked out this way.TWG: What are your other interests besides Cosplay?JinxKittie: I am a gamer, I love video games! I also enjoy reading and drawing. And I do pole dancing as a form of sport.TWG: You are also an artist of sorts. Can you eloborate a bit more on your artistic pursuits and style?JinxKittie: Yes! I have pursued a wide variety of different art styles through the years. I enjoy painting, sketching with pen and pencil, and digital painting! I also LOVE to design and sew clothing. These all come together in cosplay, which is really awesome!TWG: What are your favourite games?JinxKittie: Hmm, this is a hard one! I guess I&#8217;d have to choose Dragon Age, Fallout, League of Legends, Bioshock and Assassins Creed are some of my most memorable and favourite games!TWG: And favourite films?JinxKittie: This is hard to choose too! I m pretty much a fan of anything DC or Marvel produce! I m also a sucker for Disney and Pixar animated movies. Others I can think of that I enjoyed would be the Resident Evil films, The Matrix, Terminator, Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings!