A meeting of the Chatsworth Taxi association and the task team comprising, of parents and lift club operators, regarding scholars&#8217; future mode of transport, was recently held at the Havenside Community hall. The meeting which was chaired by Councillor Brandon Pillay who set up the task team after a community meeting last year, was also attended by the eThekwini Transport Authority and Metro police.The association did not fill in the attendance register at the meeting and also left with the copy that was signed by a representative of SANTACO in the region.Before school ended, the association had given schools newsletters to hand to kids and private transporters stating that as of the 13 January 2016, they can no longer operate. Adverts were also placed in newspapers stating that there will be no private vehicles to transport commuters and scholars.At the meeting, members of the taxi association said that the advert was fair and fitting and that the deputy secretary had done both adverts placed in the paper. When asked about joining, the taxi association said that lift club operators and school transporters will have to buy a kombi and then affiliate to them.In doing so, they will have to pay subs and a renewal of membership fee. When asked what the tariffs and costs will be, they were not able to give an amount and said they will still have to decide this.Parents also raised concerns about the safety of their children. With over 50 schools in Chatsworth, how are 13 taxis going to transport their kids on time and safely to school?, asked one parent, Mrs Moodley.For kids that go to after care, is the association going to do after care loads, as well as during exam times. Are they going to be able to accommodate the different grades? Also kids are currently happy with the way they are travelling as it is the same person who picks and drops them off to and from school. The point here is that smaller kids especially, are used to the faces they see, said Moodley. Parents were also concerned about whether the association is going to have the same driver all the time. They further voiced concerns that they could not afford the cost as they were charging R15 to be paid per day. Another parent, Farida Silva said she called the association and was told that the fee from Summerfield Road to Merryhill School was R15 per day.ETA (eThekweni Transport Authority) said that they were not happy with most things said at the meeting and will deal with certain matters said, but most importantly the law has to be followed.Mr Mlu from ETA had also claimed that the advert placed by the Chatsworth Taxi Association was illegal. &#8220;I had requested to meet with the Chatsworth Taxi Association but they had declined to meet with me. The law has to be followed according to Act 5 of 2009. The National Learner Transport Act states that those that are operating illegally will be dealt with according to the law. And as long as a reward is being taken when providing transport, a permit is needed to transport people, said Mlu.He also agreed to assist private operators to obtain permits provided they have the following information:Letter from schools stating that you are transporting kidsList of learners travelling with you as well as a letter from their parents.Passenger liability. If you don t have it yet get a quote and provide that when applying for your permit thereafter you have to obtain the insurance.&#8220;COF, COR Route Description as well as your PDP, Licence and IDThe attendees resolved to have another meeting for all operators and lift clubs in Chatsworth to ensure that they meet the necessary requirements and to organise themselves. Cllr Pillay said that he urges all parents and transporters to be alert and come out in their numbers to support each other. It was sad that the association walked out and I was very concerned that as they left, they made threats to stop all lift clubs. It&#8217;s disappointing to know that these are the same people who want to transport children yet they cannot reason with the parents.&#8220;Ultimately it is your right to choose the mode of transport that you want to use. If there are parents who wanted to use taxis we cannot stop them in doing so as we also cannot stop lift clubs and other means of transport. They should be allowed to choose accordingly.If anyone is intimated or threatened, then cases must be opened. The community will be kept informed of future plans, Cllr Pillay said.