CASTLE LAGER Proteas Test Captain, Hashim Amla, today announced that he will be stepping down from leading the Proteas with immediate effect.Since his appointment as successor to Graeme Smith in June 2014, Amla captained the Proteas in 14 tests winning 4, drawing 6 and losing 4.Amla, who had decided to step down before the drawn second Sunfoil Test against England at PPC Newlands, in his true style informed his team mates immediately after the match ended. Naturally this decision is not an easy one but the more I think about it the more I believe I can be of greater value to the Proteas as a fully focused batsman and senior player at this time of rebuilding our team said Amla. I am deeply grateful and privileged to have been the Test captain and I wish to thank CSA for the honour of captaining my country. It was enjoyable and indeed a great learning experience. Vice-Captain, AB de Villiers has agreed to take over the captaincy for the remainder of the series. We respect Hashim s decision and the manner in which he thought about it and then communicated with me. It was consistent with his well respected personality, said Cricket SA Chief Executive, Haroon Lorgat. He still has a huge role to play in shaping the success of our team without the need for a leadership title. He is just that type of a person and we are very fortunate to have him in our stable. I want to thank AB for readily accepting the challenge of rebuilding our Test team as we seek to remain the best team in the world, added Lorgat.De Villiers is looking forward to the challenge. I ve said this before that it is an incredible honour to captain South Africa in any format. The captaincy has obviously come at short notice and is the realisation of a lifelong dream, said De Villiers. At the moment my priority and focus is placed on leading this team to what can be a memorable series win against England. This Test squad is motivated and determined to turn our performances around and I m looking forward to taking up that challenge as captain. Hashim is a good friend and close colleague and I am grateful for his support. Amla also paid tribute to his fellow players and management team. Throughout my time as captain, whether in good times or tough times, I ve always had the full support of my team mates, coaching staff and management. I want to acknowledge this superb group of people for always being there and for supporting me wholeheartedly, Amla concluded.