It was a grisly sight that faced a Phoenix pensioner on Wednesday morning when she was alerted to the bloodied body of a man on the pathway, next to her home on Allingstone Road.A distressed Mrs Puckrie is still visibly traumatised about the incident and her family is calling for the municipality and local councillors to assist them in addressing the problems at that particular crime hotspot. It is alleged that the man s body was strewn across the pathway and he appeared to have sustained a stab wound to the chest. Rivulets of blood stained the paved walkway.Phoenix SAPS was contacted and attended the scene, after which they removed the body.Phoenix SAPS communications officer, Lieutenant L Naidoo said, On Wednesday at 5:15am, members were stopped by the community at Allingstone Road. The body of an unknown man was pointed out to the members with a stab wound to the centre of the chest. A case of murder is being investigated. The motive for the killing and the suspects are unknown. Speaking to the Phoenix Tabloid, the elderly resident s husband, Robert Puckrie (68), said, This is a terrible incident. There have been so many crimes at this spot over the years. Since we are situated opposite the bus stop and with the overgrown bushes around, people are easy targets for robberies and hijackings here as the criminals hide in the thick shrubbery. There is also no light in that area and the darkness is a perfect cover for crimes to be committed. To actually have a dead man so close to our property is horrible. We do not know if he was just another tragic victim. I am a pensioner and my property is not fenced. I cannot afford fencing. This together with the dense bushes and the poor lighting makes us and many others soft targets for criminals. I cannot move from here because financially I do not have the means to do so. So I have to live here and together with my family we are subjected to all these horrible deeds. We appeal to the municipality and the local councillors to help us sort out this problem. I fear for my life and the lives of my family. We need something done before it is too late, Puckrie added.Councillor Bradley Singh said, &#8220;EThekwini Municipality has been made aware of the discovery of the deceased man in Allingstone Road in Whetstone and they have indicated that they will be dispatching grass-cutters from the Parks and Gardens Department to see to it that the large bush is cleared out. It remains unfortunate that a body had to be found in the bush but it is also notably disappointing that despite several calls being made to the municipality, as well as efforts put in by myself, the bush had not been cleared out for the festive period. This year, I am hoping for a positive change in the attitude of the municipality, to ensure the residents needs and demands are prioritised not just in my ward but in all wards in Phoenix. &#8220;