By Megan PriorWhat is your fondest childhood memory?Running up and down the aisles of the old Ritz movie theatre in Bloemfontein, dressed up as a Cowboy, shooting away at the crooks while the Cowboy of all Cowboys, and John Wayne played on the big screen in the background.What did you want to be when you were a kid?I wanted to become an advocate and told my Mom a million times I m going to be an avocado pear when I m big.What do you do in your free time?Play the guitar, badly and make up songs. I love to watch CNN and SKY News, especially when there s a big event like the American election. I am rugby crazy, and don t miss a match. I am deeply disappointed by our Springbok side and believe there is something drastically wrong with South African Rugby.What do you enjoy the most about making films?Rehearsing the movie and seeing it all come together. The months / years writing a script all comes together when in the rehearsals things go well. Shooting the movie is extremely hard but gratifying if it works.If it doesn t, I ve got to go back to the drawing board and during the shooting process and change whatever is not working. Getting up at four in the morning and wrapping the day s shoot by 10 am leaves me with very little sleep. And I m a total insomniac!How do you come up with your characters?I m a keen observer and love to sit in a restaurant or pub, checking out people. Many of my characters are formed by watching people. I ll see a guy on a Harley Davidson and think, wow, that s a great hairstyle.What do you think the importance of comedy is in South Africa today?Comedy is uplifting. They say that every smile you put on another s lips will fly back to your own heart. True.An audience laughing is a tremendous kick , and as that great Afrikaans dramatist P.G. du Plessis once said: The sound of an audience laughing is like an angel weeing in your ear. Just for funIf you could have one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?Steak and chips!I love protein because it makes me feel strong. In my rugby heyday, we had a humongous piece of steak for lunch a few hours before the game, hence my belief that all these heavy diets rugby players have to follow nowadays is crap give em a steak and they will perform!Tell me about the weirdest fan moment you have ever encountered?Sitting on the toilet in a huge mall and having guys knock on the door, saying can we have a selfie with you ?Do you have any new projects coming up? Ja, a story about a little boy, a baby rhino and an old tramp go on a mission to try and stop rhino poaching. Doesn t sound like comedy material but it s a great and very funny script.