Leave your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at home when flying Comair or kulula.com. Owners of the new controversial Samsung Galaxy Note 7 will have to travel without their phones when travelling by plane.Comair and Kulula.com have announced that passengers boarding their carriers cannot do so with the new smartphones. This new ruling comes from the South African Civil Aviation Authority (SACAA).The smarphone has been recalled by its manufacturer, Samsung Electronics, after its battery was failing causing it to catch alight. The Note 7 was intended to be the company s most advanced phone ever.But South Africa is not the only country to prevent passengers from taking the phone on planes. After US authorities issued a second recall, banning sales of the Note 7, it forbade passengers from bringing it on board airplanes.On October 10, Samsung issued a statement that it was halting sales of the Galaxy Note 7 globally and encouraging consumers to return their Galaxy Note 7 to where they bought it from. Shortly after, Samsung officially canceled the phone.According to Comair and Kulula.com, this step is in compliance with precautions taken by regulators and aviation authorities worldwide to safeguard their customers and crew, following Samsung s recall of the device, several of which have caught fire, reportedly due to battery faults.Erik Venter, CEO of Comair said: The safety of our crew and passengers is always our foremost priority. We have monitored all developments around the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 issue very closely and have maintained close contact with the SACAA on the matter. The SACAA has ruled that customers may not transport the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 in carry-on baggage, or in checked baggage, or on their person. Customers boarding British Airways (operated by Comair) or kulula.com flights will be asked at check-in and when boarding doors close, whether they re carrying the device, and if so, they ll be offloaded from the flight. Before the aircraft s doors are closed, customers will be asked to identify themselves to the crew if they re carrying the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and will be offloaded from the flight. British Airways, with whom Comair has a franchise agreement in southern Africa, has prohibited the device aboard its flights to Hong Kong, the United States, Canada and Mexico.